doc: Adjusting new sharding configuration migration guide with auto-scaling considerations + examples (#2879)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/guides/advanced-cluster-new-sharding-schema.md

# Migration Guide: Advanced Cluster New Sharding Configurations

> **Objective**: Use this guide to migrate your existing `advanced_cluster` resources to support new sharding configurations introduced in version 1.18.0. The new sharding configurations allow you to scale shards independently. Additionally, as of version 1.23.0 compute auto-scaling feature supports scaling instance sizes independently for each shard when using the new sharding configuration. Existing sharding configurations continue to work, but you will receive deprecation messages if you continue to use them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Objective**: Use this guide to migrate your existing `advanced_cluster` resources to support new sharding configurations introduced in version 1.18.0. The new sharding configurations allow you to scale shards independently. Additionally, as of version 1.23.0, compute auto-scaling supports scaling instance sizes independently for each shard when using the new sharding configuration. Existing sharding configurations continue to work, but you will receive deprecation messages if you continue to use them.
```

}
```

> With each shard's `replication_specs` defined independently, we can now define distinct `instance_size` and `disk_iops` values for each shard in the cluster. Note that independent `disk_iops` values is only supported for AWS provisioned IOPS, or Azure regions that supports Extended IOPS. In the following example, we define an upgraded instance size of M40 only for the first shard in the cluster.

Reviewer: subject / verb agreement
```suggestion
With each shard's `replication_specs` defined independently, we can now define distinct `instance_size` and `disk_iops` values for each shard in the cluster. Note that independent `disk_iops` values are only supported for AWS provisioned IOPS, or Azure regions that support Extended IOPS. In the following example, we define an upgraded instance size of M40 only for the first shard in the cluster.
```

```

-> **NOTE:** For any cluster leveraging the new sharding configurations and defining independently scaled shards, users should also update corresponding `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` resource & data sources. This involves updating any existing Terraform configurations of the resource to use `copy_settings.#.zone_id` instead of `copy_settings.#.replication_spec_id`. This is needed as `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` resource and data source will no longer have `replication_specs.#.id` present when shards are scaled independently. To learn more, review the [1.18.0 Migration Guide](1.18.0-upgrade-guide.md#transition-cloud-backup-schedules-for-clusters-to-use-zones).

<a id="use-auto-scaling-per-shard"></a>
## Use Auto-Scaling Per Shard

As of version 1.23.0, enabled `compute` auto-scaling (either `auto_scaling` or `analytics_auto_scaling`) will scale the `instance_size` of each shard independently. Each shard must be represented with a unique `replication_specs` element and `num_shards` must not be used. On the contrary, if using deprecated `num_shards` or a lower version, enabled compute auto-scaling will scale uniformily across all shards in the cluster. 

> The following example illustrates a configuration which has compute auto-scaling per shard for electable and analytic nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example illustrates a configuration that has compute auto-scaling per shard for electable and analytic nodes.
```

  replication_specs { # second shard
    region_configs {
      electable_specs {
        instance_size = "M40"
        node_count    = 3
      }
      analytics_specs {
        instance_size = "M40"
        node_count = 1
      }
      auto_scaling {
        compute_enabled = true
        compute_max_instance_size = "M60"
      }
      analytics_auto_scaling {
        compute_enabled = true
        compute_max_instance_size = "M60"
      }
      provider_name = "AWS"
      priority      = 7
      region_name   = "EU_WEST_1"
    }
    zone_name = "Zone 1"
  }
  lifecycle { # avoids future non-empty plans as instance size start to scale from initial values
    ignore_changes = [ 
      replication_specs[0].region_configs[0].electable_specs[0].instance_size, 
      replication_specs[0].region_configs[0].analytics_specs[0].instance_size, 
      replication_specs[1].region_configs[0].electable_specs[0].instance_size,
      replication_specs[1].region_configs[0].analytics_specs[0].instance_size
    ]
  }
}
```

While the example initially defines 2 symmetric shards, auto-scaling of `electable_specs` or `analytic_specs` can lead to asymmetric shards due to changes in `instance_size`.

> -> **NOTE:** Once upgraded to version 1.23.0 of the provider, an update must be performed in the cluster configuration for new auto-scaling per shard feature to activate.

Reviewer: minor revisions to make it clear who needs to act (the reader)
```suggestion
-> **NOTE:** After you upgrade to version 1.23.0 of the provider, you must update the cluster configuration to activate the auto-scaling per shard feature.
```

> -> **NOTE:** When making use of Auto-Scaling Per Shard, it is possible that the cluster will transition to having asymmetric shards. This will impact the computed attribute `replication_specs.#.id` which is not populated when shards are scaled independently. Please make sure to update corresponding `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` resource & data sources. This involves updating any existing Terraform configurations of the resource to use `copy_settings.#.zone_id` instead of `copy_settings.#.replication_spec_id`. To learn more, review the [1.18.0 Migration Guide](1.18.0-upgrade-guide.md#transition-cloud-backup-schedules-for-clusters-to-use-zones).

Reviewer: simplification + correct case + missing article
```suggestion
-> **NOTE:** When auto-scaling per shard, it is possible that the cluster will transition to having asymmetric shards. This will impact the computed attribute `replication_specs.#.id`, which is not populated when shards are scaled independently. Please make sure to update the corresponding `mongodbatlas_cloud_backup_schedule` resource & data sources. This involves updating any existing Terraform configurations of the resource to use `copy_settings.#.zone_id` instead of `copy_settings.#.replication_spec_id`. To learn more, review the [1.18.0 Migration Guide](1.18.0-upgrade-guide.md#transition-cloud-backup-schedules-for-clusters-to-use-zones).
```
